Document fork cache (#3340)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/snforge-advanced-features/fork-testing.md

# Fork Testing

`snforge` supports testing in a forked environment.

> Forking allows using state and contracts from a real instance Starknet network, including Sepolia and Mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forking allows using state and contracts from a real instance Starknet network, including Mainnet and Sepolia.
```

There are two ways of configuring a fork:
- by specifying `url` and block-related parameters in the `#[fork(...)]` attribute
- or by providing a fork name defined in your `Scarb.toml` to the `#[fork(...)]` attribute

> 📝 **Note**
> Using fork tests means `snforge` will make (often multiple) requests to the configured RPC URL.

> > These requests are relatively slow in comparison to standard tests.

Reviewer 2: Pls reword this sentence - comparison of request and test seems inadequate to me 😅

Author: Reworded

>
> `snforge` can cache these requests automatically in `.snfoundry_cache` but only if `block_hash` or `block_number` is provided.
> **Using `block_tag`, especially `"latest"` disables the caching functionality.**

### Configure a Fork in the Attribute

It is possible to pass `url` and only one of `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute:
- `url` (string literal) — RPC URL

> - `block_number` (hexadecimal number) — number of a block which fork will be pinned to

Reviewer 2: `block_number` doesn't need to be hexadecimal, what's more - usually nlock numbers are noted as decimal numbers
<img width="432" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06980d22-cf3e-44e9-b305-149094e16c97" />

Author: Removed these entirely and added a note below

There are two ways of configuring a fork:
- by specifying `url` and block-related parameters in the `#[fork(...)]` attribute
- or by providing a fork name defined in your `Scarb.toml` to the `#[fork(...)]` attribute

> 📝 **Note**

> > Using fork tests means `snforge` will make (often multiple) requests to the configured RPC URL.
> > These requests are relatively slow as they happen over the network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Using fork tests means `snforge` will make (often multiple) requests to the configured RPC URL.
> This may lead to slowdown in tests due to their over-the-network nature.
```

Author: I prefer we kept the wording here simple. The fact is that fork tests are quite slow and users should expect that as normal.
